README.md, before:

# mobile-only-ecom
A mobile only UI with seamless UX for an E-commerce business.Everything in the page has been coded from scratch
A sleek UI with various features according to the need of the customer.The main things that the customer wants so see ahs been included on the main page where as the things the customer doesnt cosider so much worthy have been placed in a bootstrap modal.

[Visit the page here](https://sarthakagarwal22.github.io/mobile-only-ecom/)

How the Product Page Looks 

![Product Page Layout](screenshots/productpage.png "Basic Layout on Every Mobile")

On clicking back icon on the top we view the category page

![Category Page Layout](screenshots/categorypage.png "Category Page Layout")

On clicking the Description button on the product page we see this carousel

![Description Carousel Style](screenshots/displaycarousel.png "Description Carousel Style")

On clicking the Reviews button on the product page we see this design

![Reviews Modal Style](screenshots/reviewsmodal.png "Reviews Modal Style")

There are several other minial animations that helps in making the page feel better.

Commit message:

Upadted readme and cart files locally

README.md, after:

# mobile-only-ecom
A mobile only UI with seamless UX for an E-commerce business.Everything in the page has been coded from scratch
A sleek UI with various features according to the need of the customer.The main things that the customer wants so see ahs been included on the main page where as the things the customer doesnt cosider so much worthy have been placed in a bootstrap modal.

[Visit the page here](https://sarthakagarwal22.github.io/mobile-only-ecom/)

How the Product Page Looks 

![Product Page Layout](screenshots/productpage.jpeg "Basic Layout on Every Mobile")

On clicking back icon on the top we view the category page

![Category Page Layout](screenshots/categorypage.jpeg "Category Page Layout")

On clicking the Description button on the product page we see this carousel

![Description Carousel Style](screenshots/displaycarousel.jpeg "Description Carousel Style")

On clicking the Reviews button on the product page we see this design

![Reviews Modal Style](screenshots/reviewsmodal.jpeg "Reviews Modal Style")

On clicking the Cart Icon on any page or Buy Now on the product page we reach cart page

![Cart Page](screenshots/cart.jpeg "Cart Page")


There are several other minial animations that helps in making the page feel better.
